Add dev doc (#17)
nwo-strap/gamebus-fhir-layer: docs/source/dev2_build_gw_engine.rst

  .. code-block:: bash

    git clone https://github.com/nwo-strap/healthcare-data-harmonization
    cd healthcare-data-harmonization/mapping_engine

**Step 3, build C shared library**

  .. code-block:: bash

    ./build_exports.sh

  This script will generate C shared library :code:`libgoogle_whistle.so` (for Linux) or
  :code:`libgoogle_whistle.dylib` (for macOS) and create a corresponding symbolic
  link in the path :code:`/usr/local/lib`. The GameBus FHIR layer will seek the
  mapping engine library in this path.

Google Whistle codebase
-----------------------

Compared with `original Google Whistle codebase`_, the `codebase used above`_
is a forked codebase and updated with three new scripts:

- `mapping_engine/build_exports.sh`_
   It's a helper BASH script to generate Go code from protobuf files and then compile
   Go code (e.g. export functions) to C shared library.

- `mapping_engine/main/exports.go`_
   The export function :code:`RunMapping` is defined in this Go file,
   which converts JSON string of one structure to another.

   This Go file can be updated to add other export functions.

- `Dockerfile`_

>    It's Doclerfile to a build docker image of the mapping engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The dockerfile to build a docker image of the mapping engine.
```
